README.md, before:

# A prototype of Web Application for selling fruits and vegetables

## THIS APP IS STILL WORK IN PROGRESS!

## Introduction:
An application that started as Internship on BS-Computer private firm, which was further developed by me with added functionality.
This app was made in VScode IDE and tested using Live Server extension. Made for further practice of JS (fetch API,ASYNC, While method etc).
Initial design belongs to BS computer, but was additionally improved and changed by me

## Use of this app:
This app is used for selling and posting of fruits and vegetables. Reaching for json database for info and search function based on name,date,login status. Users can login,view or send requests.


## Tehnologies used:
    - HTML
    - CSS
    - JavaScript
    - JSON
    - NPM (Toastr)

## App functionality:
    1. Responsive design
    2. Accesability consideration
    3. Dark-light browser mode
    4. Login system
    5. 3 types of list Views
    6. Pagination
    7. Prototype of Roles (ADMIN,USER,EDITOR,GUEST) and their view permissions
    8. Tables displaying content from JSON for user/requests
    9. Toastr notifications on login(npm package): REMOVED(commented out) for easier commit
    10. Statistics
    11. Automatic/Manual Carousel
    12. Reviews generated using data
    13. Data transfer and manipulation with LocalStorage
    14. COMING-SOON - Language support with selector in Login

## Trial account for viewing whole site
     "names":"User",
     "email":"sample11@gmail.com",
     "password":"023",

## How to Launch?
https://astralemperor.github.io/Application/

Commit message:

v1.3 google translate added to all pages

README.md, after:

# A prototype of Web Application for selling fruits and vegetables

## THIS APP IS STILL WORK IN PROGRESS!

## Introduction:
An application that started as Internship on BS-Computer private firm, which was further developed by me with added functionality.
This app was made in VScode IDE and tested using Live Server extension. Made for further practice of JS (fetch API,ASYNC, While method etc).
Initial design belongs to BS computer, but was additionally improved and changed by me

## Use of this app:
This app is used for selling and posting of fruits and vegetables. Reaching for json database for info and search function based on name,date,login status. Users can login,view or send requests.


## Tehnologies used:
    - HTML
    - CSS
    - JavaScript
    - JSON
    - NPM (Toastr)

## App functionality:
    1. Responsive design
    2. Accesability consideration
    3. Dark-light browser mode
    4. Login system
    5. 3 types of list Views
    6. Pagination
    7. Prototype of Roles (ADMIN,USER,EDITOR,GUEST) and their view permissions
    8. Tables displaying content from JSON for user/requests
    9. Toastr notifications on login(npm package): REMOVED(commented out) for easier commit
    10. Statistics
    11. Manual Carousel
    12. Reviews generated using data
    13. Data transfer and manipulation with LocalStorage
    14. Different Language translations with google translate API
    15. COOMING-SOON! - displaying selected items in cart

## Trial account for viewing whole site
     "names":"User",
     "email":"sample11@gmail.com",
     "password":"023",

## How to Launch?
https://astralemperor.github.io/Application/
